add propeller docs (#34)
equinox-project/equinox-js: docs/docs/reactions/index.md

  tailSleepIntervalMs: 100, 
  // How many streams are we OK to process concurrently?
  maxConcurrentStreams: 10, 

>   // How many batches can be processod concurrently, checkpointing will always happen in-order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // How many batches can be pre-loaded beyond what's been completed (checkpointing is always sequential in order of age)
```

>   // How many batches can be pre-loaded beyond what's been completed (checkpointing is always sequential in order of age)

Reviewer: need to convey that it includes the actual batch being processed. the concurrent batches name was perhaps better!

>   maxConcurrentStreams: 10, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  maxConcurrentBatches: 10, 
```
(but, as fiscussed, probably should stay maxReadAhead)

Author: No reason to break with propulsion namings I guess. 'tis been undone
